Documentation landing page (#2845)
NomicFoundation/hardhat: docs/src/content/docs-landing/index.md

Hardhat consists of different projects that work together to create a complete Ethereum development environment.

If you want to quickly start using it you can follow [this guide](/hardhat-runner/docs/getting-started/index.md#overview).

If you prefer a step-by-step tutorial, you can find it [here](/tutorial).

## Browse by project

:::tip

If you are in doubt about which project you are looking for, you can start [here](/hardhat-runner).

:::

### Hardhat Runner

Hardhat Runner is the main project you interact with when using Hardhat. It's what you run with `npx hardhat`. It consists of a flexible task runner that lets you automate your development workflow. [Learn more](/hardhat-runner)

### Hardhat Network

Hardhat comes built-in with Hardhat Network, a local Ethereum node designed for development. It allows you to deploy your contracts, run your tests and debug your code. [Learn more](/hardhat-network)

### Hardhat for Visual Studio Code

Hardhat for Visual Studio Code is a Visual Studio Code extension that adds language support for Solidity, and provides editor integration for Hardhat projects. [Learn more](/hardhat-vscode)

### Hardhat Chai Matchers

> Hardhat Chai Matchers is a Hardhat plugin that builds on top of [Chai](https://www.chaijs.com/), adding it Ethereum-related assertion utilities. [Learn more](/hardhat-chai-matchers)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hardhat Chai Matchers is a Hardhat plugin that builds on top of [Chai](https://www.chaijs.com/), extending it with Ethereum-related assertion utilities. [Learn more](/hardhat-chai-matchers)
```

### Hardhat Network Helpers

> Hardhat Network Helpers is a Node.js library that makes interacting with Hardhat Network simpler. [Learn more.](/hardhat-network-helpers)

Reviewer: From [this comment](https://github.com/NomicFoundation/hardhat/pull/2847/files#r899087285)

```suggestion
Hardhat Network Helpers is a library that provides a set of utility functions to interact with the Hardhat Network. [Learn more.](/hardhat-network-helpers)
```
